with the ek finds the second big
motorcycle exhibition 2014
Of course that is first and foremost one
motorcycle fair but also the most important
sth quad and side by side manufacturer
present here their 2015 models and
There are even some world premieres
this was the first time in eicma 2014 in
europe the complete polaris fleet 2015
we have presented the side
by side and ltv it already in etv and
quad magazine 2014 19
in milan one could sportsman 1000 and
co then touch synonymous and the s570
the one-movement side by side of polaris
that 2015 also with a powerful engine
to be available
But now let's go to the
looking for a sports club of 2015
yamaha raptor we on the intermot
missed in cologne well the
cute jackets and panties can be here
I'm not really in the slut
after all, there is
in between interesting accessories that
can be used for tvs and quads
nice down I'm stefan punke the
head of atp for europe and me
would like to visit here in milan today
introduce our new hurricane rim
that is practically the first precipitate from
our new series and this rim is
available in a typical connection
dimensions and sizes and I assume
that's very good with the customers
will arrive
so somehow that's weird in
Italy Most quads are missing two
bikes
but then a bright spot on the stand
from cf motor
world premiere a pretty middle class
tv brings the Chinese manufacturer
2015 with the geforce 425 on the market
and she has pretty legs as well
the brand new one in front of the 550 already stood
in cologne and dc fund 800 was in
details improved
new at kymco the middle class
side-by-side xv 450 and the max 450 at
which of the known al bikers now
also a company two variants to the side
is provided
with the quattro 4 presents the
Italian manufacturer quattro one
scooter with four wheels of the advantages
a roller fresh- air pleasure and
agility with the track stability of a
to connect cars
on top of that that seems the terrain
to be somehow a quad with
street fitness so
even if it is very amazing what
the italians with quads and atvs
do
Now we are looking for more
the raptor
the project is in this form and
design and energy power
no no raptor but very nice
to look
the new lte of aion the cross land 600
d eon cobra 400 was in details
revised
brand new in the program at aion the bpg
shredder see our contribution offroad
skateboard in sth and quad magazine 2014
56 and where finally the new one
raptor
new at wander the p300 six as
roadworthy etv tires
Do not hoof from bad parents
even if it is the weird two-wheeler despite
here rather unsuited to appear what
then we would sit on them
like to be in the mud well talented
The electric tricycle shows movements
Scooter sway out california one
mechanical nothing brings a
ok with yamaha we would be 200 ps
does the new r1 engine have that?
What a lot, but that's enough
how to 9
in milan we have you in cologne
yes he missed the 2015 he still missed
Yamaha Raptor 700 with new exhaust moderately
revised engine new chassis and
especially big wheels
Well, yamaha has his homework
also made cf moto and polaris then
We look forward to the new models
2015 which will soon be available at the
dealers
everything goes according to the motto raptor
Well